over the years the world has changed when I was in Vietnam in nineteen
sixty nine nineteen seventy we can write letters every day that we
wanted to there was also a local with the Colmar station you see amateur
radio station run by the military on the base where they will allow
you to call and talk to your parents or your girlfriend for like
is fifteen minutes every month if you signed up for I never even told
my parents or my girlfriend that I could do that I didn't particularly
visible with I was busy doing what I was doing I love because
doing that jugglers doing my friends were what was important in my
life and I was not very kind to my parents and my girlfriend by not
calling them and talking to them but I that's the way it was now with
things are completely different virtually everywhere your in military
there's internet connectivity some kind or another from time to
time so there's a lot of opportunity emails back and forth there's a
lot of opportunity to Skype voice mail many ways to communicate while
you're in the military even when you're done